Here's a walkthrough
of the Better Ticket Editing workflow
that I designed for ActBlue.
So you can see we already have three ticket types here
and I've decided that I want my free ticket
to be prioritized so that folks come to the event.
You can see that's reflected immediately in the preview
and you also have the option to publish now.
I'm kind of waffling on the VIP section actually
so maybe I'll archive it, or actually I just heard
from the venue and they have a little bit more space
so I think it's worth doing.
So I'm gonna un-archive it.
I'm gonna edit it
and I'm gonna actually increase the number of tickets
to 15 and the maximum tickets per transaction to five,
just so it's easier to sell those VIP tickets.
I'm also asking a question about dietary preferences
because our VIP pass includes meals.
Looks great.
I can also add another ticket type if I want.
I'm not gonna do that right now
and I think this looks good
so I'm gonna go ahead and publish it.